Game: SCP RP
Suggestion: Site lockdown, there would be a button in the CR saying "site lockdown" you would need 2000 credits to use it. 
The lights in the whole facility would turn off and all doors would be permamently open. 
There are 3 teams. Chaos (CI, CD) Serpents Hand (SCP's, Serpents Hand) and the facility. (ScD, SD, MTF, IA, ISD, RRT). 
This is how the killing looks between the teams.
(- means neutral, = means enemy)

Chaos ==== Facility ==== Serpents Hand ---- Chaos

Chaos would spawn in CDC. Serpents would spawn in CR and facility personnel would spawn in their normal locations.
If 3 ScD's escape it is a facility win, if 3 SCP's from sector 3 will be in CR, it is a serpents hand win.
If 3 CD's escape it is a chaos win. If a CI dies in the first 3 minutes of the lockdown they spawn in the CDC as a CD. 
After 5 minutes, all spawn points (besides CR) will have a decontamination (deadly gas being spread in them).
If a CD escapes they turn into a chaos and spawn on the person that was the closest to them when escaping, same with ScD but they turn into a MTF.
If a CD escapes near a Serpents Hand they turn into a serpents hand and spawn on the person that was the closest to them when escaping.
If a CD escapes near a facility personnel they turn into a MTF and spawn on the person that was closest to them when escaping (they count as a ScD escaped).
If a ScD escapes near CI or serpents hand they turn into the side that was closest to them when escaping (if chaos was closer to them when escaping then they count as a CD escaped).
Ways to prevent camping:
-- Make everyone only available to enter with a CD, ScD.
-- If a SD sits in the last part of sector 1 (where you escape) for 2 minutes they will recieve a note that they will die in 20 seconds if they dont leave.
-- Make it so only serpents hand and SCP's can enter CR.
Hope that this suggestion will be added into the game. I had a lot of fun writing this!
(btw needed to post this on github because i had too many characters)
